docs(readme): update release notes link to point to changelog (#438)
carbon-design-system/carbon-charts: README.md

We use the **semantic-release** library to automatically version our releases within the guidelines of Semantic Versioning [Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/).

> See our [releases notes](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-charts/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for the changelog of each version of Charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [releases change logs](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-charts/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) for the changelog of each version of Charts.
```
